the organ of the malagueña cathedral once again become the protagonist
third consecutive year in the cycle of organ concerts after the mass the
University of Malaga a cycle consisting of four concerts in the
that all citizens who wish may attend with free admission
until full capacity
added the judicial entity
so it counts
remember when he played
they played more for food or whatever it was not
because
I do it through these
records
which are the ones that allow it to pass in the line of the tubes days in action
at 7m time records
this is an enormity
I already say that
the normal per hundred it is about that they can have
five or six records rome
for the first time since he wrote in Spain
efe cayetano
the urn not
the tournament
That's why Marlon has been another time is the only case
of the first one you want
the official
the tv range channel
Spanish Renaissance opponent
also on May 28 adalberto román
the santa maría cádiz coral
the american garden
edition of his musical work
the zamarat of the unne
the rest of the planet
the triplet
since Monday
a property
if you are looking for service
of all lara
Malaga church the first place but also the entire diocese of Malaga
the event happened declared long of these 20 years min
we had had an average for example per concert
that's why the 500 listeners
with peaks of 813 want
It was undoubtedly the reason and the guarantee that the cycle was
finds prestige that is really a classic
in the cultural life of the city
in the capital of Navarre
to make it